fix(cli): add ability to escape at-prefixed parameter (#2513)
python-gitlab/python-gitlab: docs/cli-usage.rst

   EOF
   $ gitlab project create --name SuperProject --description @/tmp/description

> It you want to explicitly pass argument starting with "@" - double it:

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to be more explicit maybe:
```suggestion
It you want to explicitly pass an argument starting with ``@``,  you can escape it using ``@@``:
```
